log: emit file name and line for all log levels (#10745)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-9913-emit-filename-for-all-log-levels.md

## bugfix/core

> * Fixed a bug when log entries do not contain file name and line at some log
>   levels in plain format (gh-9913).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug when log entries did not contain the file name and line at some log
  levels in plain format (gh-9913).
```

Author: Thanks, fixed.
